front/README.md, before:

# Front

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 19.0.5.

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.

Commit message:

feat(api): add mailer plugin for sending emails and update user registration flow feat(api): modify user model to allow optional password feat(api): implement password creation flow with JWT token verification feat(api): add profile update functionality for users feat(api): integrate MailHog for local email testing in Docker feat(front): implement toast notifications for user feedback feat(front): create password page for users to set their password feat(front): update profile page with new design and functionality fix(front): adjust API service to use environment variables for base URL chore(front): remove unused service tests

front/README.md, after:

# Frontend meet at the office

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 19.0.5.

## Prerequisites

Before running the application, ensure you have Node.js and npm installed.

## Installation

To install the necessary dependencies, run:

```bash
npm install
```

## Configuration

Before running the application, copy the example environment file:

```bash
cp src/environments/environment.example.ts src/environments/environment.ts
```

Modify the `src/environments/environment.ts` file with your specific configuration.

## Development server

To start a local development server, you can use either Angular CLI or npm:

```bash
ng serve
```

or

```bash
npm run start
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
